If a kid asks where rain comes from, I think a cute thing to tell him is God is crying. And if he asks why God is crying, another cute thing to tell him is Probably because of something you did. 
To me, boxing is like a ballet, except there is no music, no choreography, and the dancers hit each other. 
Better not take a dog on the Space Shuttle, because if he sticks his head out when youre coming home his face might burn up. 
To me, clowns arent funny. In fact, theyre kind of scary. Ive wondered where this started, and I think it goes back to the time I went to the circus and a clown killed my dad. 
Id like to see a nude opera, because when they hit those high notes I bet you can really see it in those genitals. 
As I bit into the nectarine, it had a crisp juiciness about it that was very pleasurable -- until I realized it wasnt a nectarine at all, but a HUMAN HEAD!! 
Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful, beautiful flamingo, flying across in front of a beautiful sunset? And hes carrying a beautiful rose in his beak, and also hes carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet.  And also, youre drunk. 
I guess of all my uncles, I liked Uncle Cave Man the best. We called him Uncle Cave Man because he lived in a cave and because sometimes hed eat one of us. Later on we found out he was a bear. 
In weightlifting, I dont think sudden, uncontrolled urination should automatically disqualify you. 
If you define cowardice as running away at the first sign of danger, screaming and tripping and begging for mercy, then yes, Mister Brave Man, I guess I am a coward. 
I wish a robot would get elected President. That way, when he came to town, we could all take a shot at him and not feel too bad. 
Sometimes when I feel like killing someone, I do a little trick to calm myself down. I'll go over to the person's house and ring the doorbell. When the person comes to the door, I'm gone, but you know what I've left on the porch? A jack-o'-lantern with a knife in the side of its head that says "You." After that, I usually feel a lot better, and no harm done. 
Even though he was an enemy of mine, I had to admit that what he accomplished was a brilliant piece of strategy. First, he punched me, then he kicked me, and then he punched me again. 
If youre a young Mafia gangster out on his first date, I bet its really embarrassing if someone tries to kill you. 
The sound of fresh rain run-off splashing from the roof reminded me of the sound of urine splashing into a filthy Texaco latrine. 
You know what would make a good story? Something about a clown who makes people happy, but inside hes really sad. Also, he has severe diarrhea. 
We used to laugh at Grandpa when hed head off to go fishing. But we wouldnt be laughing that evening, when hed come back with some whore he picked up in town. 
Today I accidentally stepped on a snail on the sidewalk in front of our house. And I thought, I too am like that snail. I build a defensive wall around myself, a shell if you will. But my shell isnt made out a hard, protective substance. Mine is made out of tinfoil and paper bags. 
A man doesnt automatically get my respect. He has to get down in the dirt and beg for it. 
Sometimes the beauty of the world is so overwhelming, I just want to throw back my head and gargle. Just gargle and gargle, and I dont care who hears me, because I am beautiful. 
Maybe in order to understand mankind, we have to look at the word itself. Mankind. Basically, its made up of two separate words -- mank and ind. What do these words mean? Its a mystery, and thats why so is mankind. 
Children need encouragement. So if a kid gets an answer right, tell him it was a lucky guess. That way, he develops a good, lucky feeling. 
If you ever drop your keys into a river of molten lava, let em go, because, man, theyre gone. 
I think a good novel would be where a bunch of men on a ship are looking for a whale. They look and look, but you know what? They never find him. And you know why they never find him? It doesnt say. The book leaves it up to you, the reader, to decide. Then, at the very end, theres a page that you can lick and it tastes like Kool-Aid. 
To me, its a good idea to always carry two sacks of something when you walk around. That way, if anybody says, Hey, can you give me a hand? you can say, Sorry, got these sacks. 
Whenever someone asks me to define love, I usually think for a minute, then I spin around and pin the guys arm behind his back. Now whos asking the questions? 
I remember we were all horrified to see Grandpa up on the roof with his Superman cape on. Get down! yelled Uncle Lou. Dont move! screamed Grandma. But Grandpa wouldnt listen. He walked to the edge of the roof and stuck out his arms, like he was going to fly. I forget what happened after that. 
I wish my name was Todd, because then I could say, Yes, my name is Todd. Todd Blankenship. Oh, also I wish my last name was Blankenship. 
Dad always thought laughter was the best medicine, which I guess was why several of us died of tuberculosis. 
I dont think God put me on this planet to judge others. I think he put me on this planet to gather specimens and take them back to my home planet. 
Its easy to sit there and say youd like to have more money. And I guess thats what I like about it. Its easy. Just sitting there, rocking back and forth, wanting that money. 
If you lived in the Dark Ages, and you were a catapult operator, I bet the most common question people would ask is, Cant you make it shoot farther? No. Im sorry. Thats as far as it shoots. 
If you ever catch on fire, try to avoid seeing yourself in the mirror, because I bet thats what really throws you into a panic. 
Just because swans mate for life, I dont think its a big deal. First of all, if youre a swan, youre probably not going to find a swan that looks that much better than the one youve got, so why not mate for life. 
If youre robbing a bank, and your pants suddenly fall down, I think its okay to laugh, and to let the hostages laugh too, because come on, life is funny. 
Sometimes I think Id be better off dead. No, wait. Not me, you. 
You know something that would really make me applaud? A guy gets stuck in quicksand, then sinks, then suddenly comes shooting out, riding on water skis! How do they do that?! 
Whether they live in an igloo or a grass shack or a mud hut, people around the world all want the same thing: a better house! 
If you ever reach total enlightenment while youre drinking a beer, I bet it makes beer shoot out your nose. 
Im not afraid of insects taking over the world, and you know why? It would take about a billion ants just to aim a gun at me, let alone fire it. And you know what Im doing while theyre aiming it at me? I just sort of slip off to the side, and then suddenly run up and kick the gun out of their hands. 
I believe in making the world safe for children, but not our childrens children, because I dont think children should be having sex. 
Its true that every time you hear a bell, an angel gets his wings. But what they dont tell you is, every time you hear a mousetrap snap, an angel gets set on fire. 
I bet what happened was, they discovered fire and invented the wheel on the same day. Then, that night, they burned the wheel. 
You cant tell me that cowboys, when they arent branding cattle, dont sort of accidentally brand each other every once in a while. Its their way of letting off stress. 
One day, one of my little nephews came up to me and asked me if the equator was a real line that went around the Earth, or just an imaginary one. I had to laugh. Laugh and laugh. Because I didnt know, and I thought that maybe by laughing he would forget what he asked me. 
I think the mistake a lot of us make is thinking the state-appointed psychiatrist is our friend. 
When people say that the desert is lifeless, it just makes me want to grab them by the collar and yell, Why you stupid, stupid bastard! Then I drive them out into the desert to where the circus is, and point out the many forms of zebra and clown life. 
When Rick told me he was having trouble with his wife, I had to laugh. Not because of what he said, but because of a joke I thought of. I told him the joke, but he didnt laugh very much. Some friend he is. 
If I was being executed by injection, Id clean up my cell real neat. Then, when they came to get me, Id say, Injection? I thought you said inspection. Theyd probably feel real bad, and maybe I could get out of it. 
The wise man can pick up a grain of sand and envision a whole universe. But the stupid man will just lay down on some seaweed and roll around until hes completely draped in it. Then hell stand up and go, Hey, Im Vine Man. 
I remember how, in college, I got that part-time job as a circus clown, and how the children would laugh and laugh at me. I vowed, then and there, that I would get revenge. 
I think a new, different kind of bowling should be carpet bowling. Its just like regular bowling, only the lanes are carpet instead of wood. I dont know why we should do this, but my God, weve got to try something! 
People laugh when I say that I think a jellyfish is one of the most beautiful things in the world. What they dont understand is, I mean a jellyfish with long, blond hair. 
How come the dove gets to be the peace symbol? How about the pillow? It has more feathers than the dove, and it doesnt have that dangerous beak. 
If youre traveling in a time machine, and youre eating corn on the cob, I dont think its going to affect things one way or another. But heres the point Im trying to make: Corn on the cob is good, isnt it? 
Isnt it funny how whenever we go to a county fair or a state fair, the first thing we do is see of they have some kind of pornography booth. 
If youre in a war, instead of throwing a hand grenade at some guys, throw one of those little baby pumpkins. Maybe itll make everyone think of how crazy war is, and while theyre thinking, you can throw a real grenade. 
I can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate. And I can picture us attacking that world, because theyd never expect it. 
Whenever you read a good book, its like the author is right there, in the room, talking to you, which is why I dont like to read good books. 
If I ever get rich, I hope Im not real mean to poor people, like I am now. 
When I found the skull in the woods, the first thing I did was call the police. But then I got curious about it. I picked it up, and started wondering who this person was, and why he had deer horns. 
You know whats probably a good thing to hang on your porch in the summertime, to keep mosquitoes away from you and your guests? Just a big bag full of blood. 
If you go to a costume party at your bosss house, wouldnt you think a good costume would be to dress up like the bosss wife? Trust me, its not. 
Instead of a Seeing Eye dog, what about a gun? Its cheaper than a dog, plus if you walk around shooting all the time, people are going to get out of the way. Cars too! 
Consider the daffodil. And while youre doing that, Ill be over here, looking through your stuff. 
For mad scientists who keep brains in jars, heres a tip: why not add a slice of lemon to each jar for freshness. 
I remember one day I was at Grandpas farm and asked him about sex. He sort of smiled and said, Maybe instead of telling you what sex is, why dont we go out to the horse pasture and Ill show you. So we did, and there on the ground were my parents having sex. 
When the girl at the museum asked me whom I liked better, Monet or Manet, I said, I like mayonnaise. She just stared at me, so I said it again, louder. Then she left. I guess she tried to find some mayonnaise for me. 
The other day I got out my can opener and was opening a can of worms when I thought, What am I doing?! 
If you get invited to your first orgy, dont just show up nude. Thats a common mistake. You have to let nudity happen. 
When you go to a party at someones house, dont automatically assume that the drinks are free. Ask, and ask often. 
I wish I had a dollar for every time I spent a dollar, because then, yahoo!, Id have all my money back. 
One way you can tell if you have a curse on you is if you open a box of toothpicks and they all fly up and stick in your face. 
If you lose your job, your marriage and your mind all in one week, try to lose your mind first, because then the other stuff wont matter that much. 
One good thing about hell, at least, is you can probably pee wherever you want to. 
Instead of half-mast, maybe you could fly a flag at three-quarter-mast for a guy whos in a coma. Then, if he gets worse, the flag gets lower, or if he gets better, it starts to move up, so you can just look at the flag and see how hes doing. 
Instead of a regular arm, Carl had been born with a pigeons wing. The odd thing was, all through his life, no one had ever laughed at his wing -- not even the mean kids at school. Then one day he realized why: He looked in the mirror and saw that he was a pigeon! He shit right there, as he often did, wherever he was. 
Whenever I need to get away, I just get away in my mind. I go to my imaginary spot, where the beach is perfect and the weather is perfect. Theres only one bad thing there: the flies! Theyre terrible! 
If a kid ever asks you how Santa Claus can live forever, I think a good answer is that he drinks blood. 
I dont advocate that children start smoking. But for those who already do smoke, boy, its good, isnt it? 
Instead of mousetraps, what about baby traps? Not to harm the babies, but just to hold them down until they can be removed. 
Isnt it funny how whenever a party seems to be winding down at somebodys house, you can always keep it going by talking a lot and eating and drinking whatevers left. 
I wish somebody would invent a fruit that had no seeds, tasted delicious, and would scream when you ate it. 
If youre ever on an airplane thats crashing, see if you cant organize a quick thing of group sex, because come on, you squares. 
The king through back his head and laughed. He enjoyed a good laugh, and so did his wife, the queen. When she saw the king laughing she let out a big laugh too. In fact, she laughed so hard she broke her throne. This made them both laugh harder. Then they got serious when they remembered they had the plague. The plague, said the king, but the way he said it made them both burst out laughing again. 
One time I dont think you should listen to your body is when it says Im dead. 
Sometimes I think you have to march right in and demand your rights, even if you dont know what your rights are, or who the person is youre talking to. Then, on the way out, slam the door. 
If youre an ant, and youre walking along across the top of a cup of pudding, you probably have no idea that the only thing between you and disaster is the strength of that pudding skin. 
If youre being chased by an angry bull, and you notice youre also being chased by a swarm of bees, it doesnt really change things. Just keep on running. 
If trees could scream, would we be so cavalier about cutting them down? We might, if they screamed all the time, for no good reason. 
If you ever fall off the Sears Tower, just go real limp, because maybe youll look like a dummy and people will try to catch you because, hey, free dummy. 
It takes a big man to cry, but it takes a bigger man to laugh at that man. 
I wish I would have a tragic love affair and get so bummed out that Id just quit my job and become a bum for a few years, because I was thinking about doing that anyway. 
Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my first instinct is to laugh. But then I think, what if I was an ant, and she fell on me. Then it wouldnt seem quite so funny. 
To become a knife thrower in the circus, they probably dont let you start off throwing at the live woman. They start you off with a little girl. 
With every new sunrise, there is a new chance. But with every sunset, you blew it. 
Whenever you see a bunch of Italian guys talking Italian, just go up to them and start talking fake Italian. They may not understand you exactly, but at least everyone will get a nice warm Italian feeling. 
When I saw the old bum pushing his grocery cart down the street, at first I felt sorry for him. But then when I saw what was in his cart I thought, well, no wonder youre a bum, look at the dumb things you bought. 
If you ever feel like youre on the verge of a nervous breakdown, just follow these rules: First, calm down; second, come over and wash my car; third, shine all my shoes. There, isnt that better? 
Sometimes I think the world has gone completely mad. And then I think, Aw, who cares? And then I think, Hey, whats for supper? 
When you die, if you go somewhere where they ask you a bunch of questions about your life and what you learned and all, I think a good way to get out of it is just to say No speaka English. 
People think it would be fun to be a bird because you could fly. But they forget the negative side, which is the preening. 
When I think of all the arguments Marta and I have had, I realize how silly most of them were. And it makes me wonder why she wanted to argue over such stupid things. I think Ill go ask her. 
If you saw two guys named Hambone and Flippy, which one would you think liked dolphins the most? Id say Flippy, wouldnt you? Youd be wrong though. Its Hambone. 
As we were driving, we saw a sign that said Watch for Rocks. Marta said it should read Watch for Pretty Rocks. I told her she should write in her suggestion to the highway department, but she started saying it was a joke -- just to get out of writing a simple letter! And I thought I was lazy! 
Blow ye winds Like the trumpet blows; But without that noise. 
He was a cowboy, mister, and he loved the land. He loved it so much he made a woman out of dirt and married her. But when he kissed her, she disintegrated. Later, at the funeral, when the preacher said, Dust to dust, some people laughed, and the cowboy shot them. At his hanging, he told the others, Ill be waiting for you in heaven -- with a gun. 
Sometimes I think it would be better to live my life as a bird, able to soar above the ground, than to live it as a confused bird that digs into the ground. 
One thing kids like is to be tricked. For instance, I was going to take my little nephew to Disneyland, but instead I drove him to an old burned-out warehouse. Oh, no, I said, Disneyland burned down. He cried and cried, but I think that deep down, he thought it was a pretty good joke. I started to drive over to the real Disneyland, but it was getting pretty late. 
The difference between a man and a boy is, a boy wants to grow up to be a fireman, but a man wants to grow up to be a giant monster fireman. 
If you ever teach a yodeling class, probably the hardest thing is to keep the students from just trying to yodel right off. You see, we build to that. 
Most people dont realize that large pieces of coral, which have been painted brown and attached to the skull by common wood screws, can make a child look like a deer. 
I can still recall old Mister Barnslow getting out every morning and nailing a fresh load of tadpoles to that old board of his. Then hed spin it round and round, like a wheel of fortune, and no matter where it stopped hed yell, Tadpoles! Tadpoles is a winner! We all thought he was crazy. But then, we had some growing up to do.  
Iwouldnt be surprised if someday some fishermen caught a big shark and cut it open, and there inside was a whole person. Then they cut the person open, and in him is a little baby shark. And in the baby shark there isnt a person, because it would be too small. But theres a little doll or something, like a Johnny Combat little toy guy -- something like that. 
The face of a child can say it all, especially the mouth part of the face. 
If youre a wild, spirited mustang, and some cowboys rope you, and then one of them starts going, Easy, boy, easy, easy, dont calm down, because hes going to try to ride you. 
If you go parachuting, and your parachute doesnt open, and your friends are all watching you fall, I think a funny gag would be to pretend you were swimming. 
Iwish I lived on a planet that had two suns: regular sun and rogue sun. That way, when somebody asked me what time it was, Id say, Regular time? And theyd say yeah. And Id say, Sorry, all I have is rogue time. Itd be fun to be a stuck-up rogue-time guy. 
Iwish I had a kryptonite cross, because then you could keep both Dracula and Superman away. 
If trees could scream would we be so cavalier about cutting them down? We might, if they screamed all the time, for no good reason. 
Anytime I see something screech across a room and latch onto someones neck, and the guy screams and tries to get it off, I have to laugh, because what is that thing?! 
Contrary to what most people say, the most dangerous animal in the world is not the lion or the tiger or even the elephant. Its a shark, riding on an elephants back, just trampling and eating everything they see. 
Sometimes the smartest thing you can do is just say nothing. But sometimes the second-smartest thing you can do is just start blabbing away, blah-blah-blah, just saying anything that comes to mind. 
Many people never stop to realize that a tree is a living thing, not that different from a tall, leafy dog that has roots and is very quiet. 
It makes me mad when I go to all the trouble of having Marta cook up about a hundred drumsticks, then the guy at Marineland says, You cant throw that chicken to the dolphins. They eat fish. Sure they eat fish, if thats all you give them. Man, wise up. 
When I think back on all the blessings I have been given in my life, I cant think of a single one, unless you count that rattlesnake that granted me all those wishes. 
When I heard that trees grow a new ring for each year they live, I thought, We humans are kind of like that: we grow a new layer of skin each year, and after many years we are thick and unwieldy from all our skin layers. 
When the age of the Vikings came to a close, they must have sensed it. Probably, they gathered together one evening, slapped each other on the back and said, Hey, good job. 
Some people think that time is like a flowing river. But I beg to disagree. No, I dont beg, I demand to disagree. Well, perhaps demand is a little strong. I dont know. Maybe. But what do you think of this: I have pulled out a gun and I'm pointing it at you. 
Fear sometimes can be a useful emotion.  For instance, lets say youre an astronaut on the moon and you think your partner has been turned into Dracula. The next time he goes out for the moon pieces, wham!, you just slam the door behind him and blast off. He might call you on the radio and say hes not Dracula, but you just say, Think again, bat man. 
Its fascinating to think that all around us theres an invisible world we cant even see. Im speaking, of course, of the world of the invisible scary skeletons. 
If I had a nickname, I think I would want it to be Prince of Weasels, because then I could go up and bite people, and they would turn around and go, What the--? And then they would recognize me and go, Oh, its you, the Prince of Weasels. 
Sometimes I just feel like curling up on the floor in front of the fireplace, and just rolling around the room, like a tumbleweed, and not even caring if I knock things over, or break them. And if people get mad, maybe because its their house or something, you can just shake you head and go, What happened? 
I hope, in the olden days, there were giant skunks that roamed our continent, because, boy, Im glad theyre gone. 
Sometimes I wonder what constitutes being a man. Am I not a man because I dont go out and shoot a deer with a rifle? Am I not a man because I sit in the corner and hold my hands up to my chest and go, Im a scared beaver? 
If youre in the army, and the weapon they give to you is the flame thrower, at first you probably think, Hey, fun. But gradually it sinks in just how much of a responsibility it is. 
If I come back as an animal in my next lifetime, I hope its some type of parasite, because this is the part where I take it easy. 
The crows seemed to be calling his name, thought Caw. 
You know what it is that frightens ants the most? Its not the anteater, and its not the steamroller. No, wait, it is the steamroller. I got mixed up. 
We tend to scoff at the beliefs of the ancients. But we cant scoff at them personally, to their faces, and this is what annoys me. 
Marta talks about sensuality, but I dont think shed know sensuality if it bit her on the ass. 
Many people dont realize that playing dead can help not only with bears, but also at important business meetings. 
If you had to list the different types of haircuts in order of how warm they kept the head, youd probably put the flattop down near the bottom. But, you know, I bet its surprisingly warm. 
I remember the first day I had to go to school. I was so scared. I sat in my room and just cried and cried. But then, for some reason, I wasnt scared. In fact, I went to school and I was really mean to the other kids. Especially the scared kids. 
Iguess one of the things that bothers me about motorcycles is the whole two-wheel thing. 
If life deals you lemons, why not go kill someone with the lemons (maybe by shoving them down his throat)? 
Even if youre walking slow, I think you should always swing those elbows back really far, because then youll really look like a man on the go. 
Besides many animals, you know what else gets real afraid if you wave a torch in front of him? An old man. 
If you go through a lot of hammers each month, I dont necessarily think it means youre a hard worker. It may just mean you have a lot to learn about proper hammer maintenance. 
When I was a child, there were times when we had to entertain ourselves. And usually the best way to do that was to turn on the TV. 
If youre a horse, and someone gets on you, and falls off, and then gets right back on you, I think you should buck him off right away. 
Carl would have to be fast to beat the stranger. Real fast. Draw, said the stranger. Carl went for his gun. But then, Hey, where did all these angels come from? 
Instead of trying to build newer and bigger weapons of destruction, mankind should be thinking about getting more use out of the weapons we already have. 
Whether they ever find life there or not, I think Jupiter should be considered an enemy planet. 
Its easy to sit and scoff at an old mans folly. But also, check out his Adams apple. 
Just as bees will swarm about to protect their nest, so will I swarm about, to protect my nest of chocolate eggs. 
Icant stand cheap people. It makes me real mad when someone says something like Hey, when are you going to pay me that hundred dollars you owe me? or Do you have that fifty dollars you borrowed? Man, quit being so cheap! 
If youre a boxing referee, its probably illegal to wear a bow tie that spins, or changes colors. 
I wish outer space guys would conquer Earth and make people their pets, because Id like to have one of those little basket-beds with my name on it.  
Like jewels in a crown, the precious stones glittered in the queens round metal hat. 
Whenever I see an old lady slip and fall on a wet sidewalk, my first instinct is to laugh. But then I think, What if I was an ant, and she fell on me. Then it wouldnt seem quite so funny. 
I think a good gift for the President would be a chocolate revolver. And since hes so busy, youd probably have to run up real quick and hand it to him. 
Its too bad that whole families have to be torn apart by something as simple as wild dogs. 
It makes me mad when people say I turned and ran like a scared rabbit. Maybe it was like an angry rabbit, who was running to go fight in another fight, away from the first fight. 
When Don accused me of pulling a scam on him, I got very defensive. Especially after I realized he had found out my real name. 
To me, one of the main problems of a nude airline would be the actual nudity itself. 
I hope if dogs ever take over the world and they choose a king, they dont just go by size, because I bet there are some Chihuahuas with some good ideas. 
Some folks say it was a miracle. Saint Francis suddenly appeared and knocked the next pitch clean over the fence. Other folks say it was just a lucky swing. 
I think somebody should come up with a way to breed a very large shrimp. That way, you could ride him, then, after you camped at night, you could eat him. How about it, science? 
Too bad theres not such a thing as a golden skunk, because youd probably be proud to be sprayed by one. 
Laurie got offended that I used the word puke. But to me, thats what her dinner tasted like. 
As the evening sky faded from a salmon color to a sort of flint gray, I thought back to the salmon I caught that morning, and how gray he was, and how I named him Flint. 
Probably to a shark, about the funniest thing is a wounded seal, trying to swim to shore, because where does he think hes going?! 
If youre ever stuck in some thick undergrowth, in your underwear, dont stop and start thinking of what other words have under in them, because thats probably the first sign of jungle madness. 
When you go for a job interview, I think a good thing to ask is if they ever press charges. 
I think a good movie would be about a guy whos a brain scientist, but he gets hit on the head and it damages the part of the brain that makes you want to study the brain. 
I think in one of my previous lives I was a mighty king, because I like people to do what I say. 
If you ever discover that what youre seeing is a play within a play, just slow down, take a deep breath, and hold on for the ride of your life. 
I bet a fun thing would be to go way back in time to where there was going to be an eclipse and tell the cave men, If I have come to destroy you, may the sun be blotted out from the sky. Just then the eclipse would start, and theyd probably try to kill you or something, but then you could explain about the rotation of the moon and all, and everyone would get a good laugh. 
I wish scientists would come up with a way to make dogs a lot bigger, but with a smaller head. That way, theyd still be good as watchdogs, but they wouldnt eat so much. 
If God dwells inside us, like some people say, I sure hope He likes enchiladas, because thats what Hes getting! 
I think a good way to get into a movie is to show up where theyre making the movie, then stick a big cactus plant onto your buttocks and start yowling and running around. Everyone would think it was funny, and the head movie guy would say, Hey, lets put him in the movie. 
Heres a good joke to do during an earthquake: straddle a big crack in the ground, and if it opens wider, go, Whoa! Whoa! and flail your arms around, like youre going to fall in. 
Instead of having answers on a math test, they should just call them impressions, and if you got a different impression, so what, cant we all be brothers? 
If you ever go temporarily insane, dont shoot somebody, like a lot of people do. Instead, try to get some weeding done, because youd really be surprised. 
I hope in the future Americans are thought of as a warlike, vicious people, because I bet a lot of high schools would pick Americans as their mascot. 
If youre an ant, and youre walking across the top of a cup of pudding, you probably have no idea that the only thing between you and disaster is the strength of that pudding skin. 
I wish outer-space guys would conquer Earth, and make people their pets, because a good trick I would do would be to fetch a ball at night. (The secret is, you take a flashlight.) 
Something tells me that the first mousetrap wasnt designed to catch mice at all, but to protect little cheese gems from burglars. 
If I had a best friend named Mister Peanut, and some other friends of mine started making fun of him, I dont think Id stick up for him, because what kind of a stupid name is Mister Peanut anyway? 
If I had the time sit down and write a thank-you note to everyone who sent me a nice, expensive present, what a wonderful world that would be! 
You know one thing that will really make a woman mad? Just run up and kick her in the butt. (P.S. This also works with men.) 
Here's a good thing to do if you go to a party and you don't know anybody: First, take out the garbage. Then go around and collect any extra garbage that people might have, like a crumpled up napkin, and take that out too. Pretty soon people will want to meet the busy garbage guy. 
There's one question that probably drives just about every vampire crazy. "Oh, do you know Dracula?" 
There's a world that we know nothing about, that we can only imagine, and that is the world of books. 
If you're at a Thanksgiving dinner, but you don't like the stuffing or the cranberry sauce or anything else, just pretend like you're eating it, but instead put it all in your lap and form it into a big mushy ball. Then later, when you're out back having cigars with the boys, let out a big fake cough and throw the ball to the ground. Then say, "Boy, these are good cigars." 
If you go flying back through time and you see somebody else flying forward into the future, it's probably best to avoid eye contact. 
When you die, if you get a choice between going to regular heaven or pie heaven, choose pie heaven. It might be a trick, but if it's not, mmm boy. 
I hope life isn't a big joke, because I don't get it. 
If your kid makes one of those little homemade guitars out of a cigar box and rubber bands, don't let him just play it once or twice and then throw it away. Make him practice on it, every day, for about three hours a day. Later, he'll thank you. 
Sometimes I think you have to march right in and demand your rights. Even if you don't know what your rights are or who the person is you're talking to. Then, on the way out, slam the door. 
Can't the Marx Brothers be arrested, and maybe even tortured for all the confusion and problems they've caused? 
Basically there are three ways the skunk and I are a lot alike. The first is we both like to spread our stink around, the second is we both get hit by cars a lot, the third is stripes. 
Sometimes I wish Marta was more loyal to me. Like the other day, the car parked next to ours had a real dirty windshield so I wrote, "this car looks like a fart" in the dirt. Later I asked Marta if she thought it was a childish thing to do. She said, "Well, maybe." Man, whose side is she on anyway? 
You know what would be the most terrifying thing that could ever happen to a flea? Getting caught inside a watch somehow. You don't even care, do you? 
It's funny that pirates were always going around searching for treasure and they never realized that the real treasure was the fond memories they were creating. 
Here's a suggestion for a new animal if some new ones get created or evolve. Something that stings you, then laughs at you. 
Probably the saddest thing you'll ever see is a mosquito sucking on a mummy. Forget it, little friend. 
If you think a weakness can be turned into a strength, I hate to tell you this, but that's another weakness. 
One of the worst things you can do as an actor, I think, is to forget your lines and then get so flustered you start stabbing the other actors. 
They say the mountain holds many secrets, but the biggest is this: I am a fake mountain. 
I guess if I was starving to death I would eat a dog. But not collie, because I don't like the taste of collie. 
When I pick up a handful of sand at the beach and let it dribble through my fingers I think, "Man, this is not a very good vacation." 
If you wear a toupee, why not let your friends try it on for a while? C'mon. We're not going to hurt it. 
Let's be honest. Isn't a lot of what we call tap dancing really just nerves? 
One thing vampire children have to be taught early on is: don't run with a wooden stake. 
Broken promises don't upset me. I just think, "Why did they believe me?" 
I remember how my great uncle Jerry would sit on the porch and whittle all day long. Once he whittled me a toy boat out of a larger toy boat I had. It was almost as good as the first one, except now it had bumpy whittle marks all over it. And no paint, because he had whittled off the paint. 
After I die I am donating my eyeballs to a blind person. Also my glasses. My skeleton, equipped with a spring to suddenly propel it to a full standing position, will be used to educate kindergartners. 
The trouble with most paintings of nudes is there isn't enough nudity. It's usually just one woman lying there, and you're looking around going, "Aren't there any more nudes?" 
Things tend to even out. Religion, some people say, has caused wars and fighting. Yes, but it's also boring to sit through a church service, so it evens out. 
I noticed an ant drifting away on a leaf in the water. Then I looked up to see my aunt drifting away in a rowboat. 
You Martians say your civilization is more advanced than ours. But who is really the more "civilized" one: you, watching me in this cage, or me, with my pants down, trying to urinate on you? 
Why do I always have to be the honest one? Do people really want you to be that honest about how old they look or how big their breasts are? 
You probably think this is all one big joke, like the farmer with the beautiful but promiscuous daughter. But what they don't tell you is the farmer became so depressed that eventually he took his own life. 
Some people have never had to struggle. They will never know what it's like to work on a farm until their hands are raw, just so people can have fresh marijuana. 
Whenever I go to a party, I laugh and laugh, every time somebody says something, in case it's supposed to be funny. 
Perhaps one day the Indian will put down his tomahawk and the white man will put down his gun, and the white man will pick up his gun again because ha-ha, sucker. 
I used to go waltzing along, not even caring where I stepped or if the other person even wanted to waltz. 
Maybe one day we'll sit around the fire, chew some chewing tobacky, roast some marshmackies, and maybe strum a tune on the ol' guitacky. 
Some people claim that if you confront me during my midnight walks and chant, "Jack Handey, Jack Handey, give me some candy," that I will give you some candy. Man, forget it, I need that candy. 
If you're a hitchhiker, don't wave that thumb back and forth, because that can mesmerize a driver. 
I had never eaten dog before, and I didn't intend to start now. "Just give some more of the copilot," I said, extending my plate. 
I tried to explain to little Betsy how, when horses get old, you have to take them out and shoot them. But then I thought, Why not wait until she gets a horse? 
If it worked correctly, the paste I was smearing on my body would make me invisible. And even if it didn't, it would probably help moisturize my skin. 
I bet when Abraham Lincoln was shot, the first person to reach him mistakenly did the glug-glug-glug sign. 
For me, the greatest work of art is the human body. I'm not talking about an old body or an ugly one. I'm talking about a really hot, sexy body. Man, to me, that's great art. 
The most precious gift one human can give another, I believe, is the gift of a third human, such as a prostitute or stripper, for a birthday or something. 
The greatest medicine in the world is human laughter. And the worst medicine is zombie laughter. 
After I die, I hope I am compared to Captain James Cook, and not just because I was severely beaten by some Hawaiians. 
